README.md, before:

# kottans-frontend

Hi, my name is **Dmitry**. I have some developing practice and want to improve my knowledge and skills. Starting from a course about Git it's a useful beginning.

***

## Linux, Command Line, HTTP Tools

The assignment was interesting for me. Linux survival is a good name for an app:) I using some command in the terminal.

<details>
<summary>Screen from Linux survival</summary>

![linux screen](/task_linux_cli/task_linux_cli.png)

</details>

***

## Git Collaboration

Thank you for the interactive simulator. Now I understand the difference between rebase and merge. Simulator good showed the concept of the Git for me.

<details>
<summary>Screens from LearnGitBranching</summary>

![Screen Git Collaboration 1-1](/task_git_collaboration/1_1.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 1-2](/task_git_collaboration/1_2.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 1-3](/task_git_collaboration/1_3.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 1-4](/task_git_collaboration/1_4.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 2-1](/task_git_collaboration/2_1.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 2-2](/task_git_collaboration/2_2.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 3-1](/task_git_collaboration/3_1.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 3-2](/task_git_collaboration/3_2.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 3-3](/task_git_collaboration/3_3.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 3-4](/task_git_collaboration/3_4.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 3-5](/task_git_collaboration/3_5.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 3-6](/task_git_collaboration/3_6.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 3-7](/task_git_collaboration/3_7.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 3-8](/task_git_collaboration/3_8.png)

</details>

***

## Intro to HTML and CSS

I saw useful information in this assignment. For myself, I highlighted the &lt;embed&gt; tag.

<details>
<summary>Screens from codecademy.com</summary>

![codecademy.com, HTML](/task_html_css_intro/html.png)
![codecademy.com, CSS](/task_html_css_intro/css.png)

</details>

***

## Responsive Web Design

Thanks for the resources. I was surprised by some of the notes in the article "11 things I learned reading the flexbox spec". I will use this information in the future.

<details>
<summary>Screens from games</summary>

![Flexbox Froggy screen](/task_responsive_web_design/flexbox-foggy.png)
![Grid Garden screen](/task_responsive_web_design/grid-garden.png)

</details>

***

## JS Basics

Introduction to Javascript does a good job of showing the basic concepts of the language. During the FreeCodeCamp modules, I saw a lot of good assignments for practical problem-solving. It was interesting, I will come back to FreeCodeCamp when I am looking for solutions to new tasks.

<details>
<summary>JS Basics Screens</summary>

![JS intro screen](/task_js_basics/js-intro.png)
![Basic JavaScript screen](/task_js_basics/js-basic.png)
![ES6 Challenges screen](/task_js_basics/js-es6.png)
![Basic Data Structures screen](/task_js_basics/js-basic-data-struct.png)
![Basic Algorithm Scripting screen](/task_js_basics/js-basic-alg-script.png)
![Functional Programming screen](/task_js_basics/js-func-pr.png)
![Algorithm Scripting Challenges screen](/task_js_basics/js-intermed-alg-script.png)

</details>

***

Commit message:

add HTML & CSS practice report

README.md, after:

# kottans-frontend

Hi, my name is **Dmitry**. I have some developing practice and want to improve my knowledge and skills. Starting from a course about Git it's a useful beginning.

***

## Linux, Command Line, HTTP Tools

The assignment was interesting for me. Linux survival is a good name for an app:) I using some command in the terminal.

<details>
<summary>Screen from Linux survival</summary>

![linux screen](/task_linux_cli/task_linux_cli.png)

</details>

***

## Git Collaboration

Thank you for the interactive simulator. Now I understand the difference between rebase and merge. Simulator good showed the concept of the Git for me.

<details>
<summary>Screens from LearnGitBranching</summary>

![Screen Git Collaboration 1-1](/task_git_collaboration/1_1.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 1-2](/task_git_collaboration/1_2.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 1-3](/task_git_collaboration/1_3.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 1-4](/task_git_collaboration/1_4.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 2-1](/task_git_collaboration/2_1.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 2-2](/task_git_collaboration/2_2.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 3-1](/task_git_collaboration/3_1.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 3-2](/task_git_collaboration/3_2.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 3-3](/task_git_collaboration/3_3.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 3-4](/task_git_collaboration/3_4.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 3-5](/task_git_collaboration/3_5.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 3-6](/task_git_collaboration/3_6.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 3-7](/task_git_collaboration/3_7.png)
![Screen Git Collaboration 3-8](/task_git_collaboration/3_8.png)

</details>

***

## Intro to HTML and CSS

I saw useful information in this assignment. For myself, I highlighted the &lt;embed&gt; tag.

<details>
<summary>Screens from codecademy.com</summary>

![codecademy.com, HTML](/task_html_css_intro/html.png)
![codecademy.com, CSS](/task_html_css_intro/css.png)

</details>

***

## Responsive Web Design

Thanks for the resources. I was surprised by some of the notes in the article "11 things I learned reading the flexbox spec". I will use this information in the future.

<details>
<summary>Screens from games</summary>

![Flexbox Froggy screen](/task_responsive_web_design/flexbox-foggy.png)
![Grid Garden screen](/task_responsive_web_design/grid-garden.png)

</details>

***

## HTML & CSS practice: Hooli-style Popup

This practice has shown me that I need to be more careful when checking my code before creating PR and asking students in the chat room. I used the css-grid property for the grid in the popup and was surprised by the limitations of this method.

[Demo](https://dmitryhniezdilov.github.io/task-popup/) |
[Code base](https://github.com/DmitryHniezdilov/task-popup) |
[PR #131](https://github.com/kottans/frontend-2022-homeworks/pull/131)

***

## JS Basics

Introduction to Javascript does a good job of showing the basic concepts of the language. During the FreeCodeCamp modules, I saw a lot of good assignments for practical problem-solving. It was interesting, I will come back to FreeCodeCamp when I am looking for solutions to new tasks.

<details>
<summary>JS Basics Screens</summary>

![JS intro screen](/task_js_basics/js-intro.png)
![Basic JavaScript screen](/task_js_basics/js-basic.png)
![ES6 Challenges screen](/task_js_basics/js-es6.png)
![Basic Data Structures screen](/task_js_basics/js-basic-data-struct.png)
![Basic Algorithm Scripting screen](/task_js_basics/js-basic-alg-script.png)
![Functional Programming screen](/task_js_basics/js-func-pr.png)
![Algorithm Scripting Challenges screen](/task_js_basics/js-intermed-alg-script.png)

</details>

***
